README.md, before:

# Climatic

Climatic helps people learn about climate change by providing the most accurate online content so people can learn quickly and easily.

[mockup-image]

## Features 

### Existing Features

- **Navigation**
  - Identical across all pages, easy to find and use, the fully responsive navigation bar includes links to the homepage (via the logo), "What's Climate Change?" and "Timeline".
  - This allows users to easily navigate between pages on all devices without having to use the browser's "back" button.

![Navigation](https://p-DgFRdw9.t2.n0.cdn.getcloudapp.com/items/Jrux6ZKd/b15bd387-59e4-497d-8fdb-75b16fddd10a.png?v=443e7115012d4784e8b8ce4ad711fdcf)

- **Typography**
  - A considerate font in a large font size. For easier reading. 
  - High contrast for accessibility.
- **Header images**
  - Photo with text overlay so users can see why they are on that particular page.
  - Stunning, high quality photography (hat tip to Annie Spratt ♥️) to capture the eye and grab attention.

![Header image](https://p-DgFRdw9.t2.n0.cdn.getcloudapp.com/items/GGupReOy/b87b3a80-3845-46db-a660-dfa996d647d6.png?v=6da3bf8c7c3585740aa3645866948795)

- **Supporting images**
- **Learn more CTA**
- **Links section**
- **Credits**
- **Footer**
- **What's Climate Change page**
- **Timeline page**

### Features Left to Implement

## Testing 

### Validator Testing 

- HTML
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Flucywoodman.github.io%2Fclimatic%2F)
- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) CSS validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=lucywoodman.github.io%2Fclimatic%2F&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)

### Unfixed Bugs

## Deployment


## Credits 

### Content 

### Media

Commit message:

Docs: add supporting images feature description

README.md, after:

# Climatic

Climatic helps people learn about climate change by providing the most accurate online content so people can learn quickly and easily.

[mockup-image]

## Features 

### Existing Features

- **Navigation**
  - Identical across all pages, easy to find and use, the fully responsive navigation bar includes links to the homepage (via the logo), "What's Climate Change?" and "Timeline".
  - This allows users to easily navigate between pages on all devices without having to use the browser's "back" button.

![Navigation](https://p-DgFRdw9.t2.n0.cdn.getcloudapp.com/items/Jrux6ZKd/b15bd387-59e4-497d-8fdb-75b16fddd10a.png?v=443e7115012d4784e8b8ce4ad711fdcf)

- **Typography**
  - A considerate font in a large font size. For easier reading. 
  - High contrast for accessibility.
- **Header images**
  - Photo with text overlay so users can see why they are on that particular page.
  - Stunning, high quality photography (hat tip to Annie Spratt ♥️) to capture the eye and grab attention.

![Header image](https://p-DgFRdw9.t2.n0.cdn.getcloudapp.com/items/GGupReOy/b87b3a80-3845-46db-a660-dfa996d647d6.png?v=6da3bf8c7c3585740aa3645866948795)

- **Supporting images**
  - Related images using brand colour overlays to support the main content.

![Supporting image](https://p-DgFRdw9.t2.n0.cdn.getcloudapp.com/items/lluoYex0/15d26f62-5f81-4f08-8170-a2bcad3d9ef9.png?v=6b10bc69cb9ca6e2b034ab60850bf784)

- **Learn more CTA**
- **Links section**
- **Credits**
- **Footer**
- **What's Climate Change page**
- **Timeline page**

### Features Left to Implement

## Testing 

### Validator Testing 

- HTML
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Flucywoodman.github.io%2Fclimatic%2F)
- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) CSS validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=lucywoodman.github.io%2Fclimatic%2F&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)

### Unfixed Bugs

## Deployment


## Credits 

### Content 

### Media
